["On Fire Again" playing]
♪ Oh. I'm on fire again ♪
♪ In New York City ♪
♪ Oh. yeah… ♪
[Kitty] It's been three months
since I left Korea.
and I've had the best summer ever
living in New York with--
[sighs] Kitty. this is weird.
You're posing like you're having
some deep. introspective moment.
- It--
- Just take the picture. LJ.
I am choking on sewer steam out here.
Okay.
Wow. That's it. That's super natural.
- That… Yeah. candid.
- Yep.
That's… Wow.
It's radiating. just. spontaneity.
[sighs]
[Lara Jean] Okay.
Let's check out this post.
Wait. whose hand is that?
Did you meet a girl at brunch
and not tell me?
That may just be my other hand.
Oh my God. Kitty.
You're catfishing Min Ho.
- I am not!
- Yes! Yes. you are! [gasps]
You've seen his Insta.
He's partying
in a different city every other night.
And we've barely talked.
so I need to make sure he knows
my summer was equally as amazing as his.
Even if it was spent
drying a lot of my tears?
Whenever my sister needs me.
that is where I want to be.
You're gonna figure this out with Peter.
I just know it.
Maybe.
I don't know. Our lives are just
not compatible right now.
You know. with his job in California.
and all… all the big publishing houses
are here in New York…
Well. lucky for you. when you publish
your novel. you can write from anywhere.
Those first three chapters? Page-turners.
Kitty!
If you did not want people reading it.
you shouldn't have put it in a drawer.
Plus. I had to check if you were.
like. actually a good writer
if I was gonna let you help me write
my NYU application essay.
I told you
you were gonna like NYU. didn't I?
- You were right.
- Mm-hmm.
Just like how I'm right
about you and Peter.
So if I go to NYU.
and you two make up and move in together.
I will be over
every Sunday night for dinner.
Fear not.
On a scale of one to ten.
how much will you miss me?
I feel like I'm gonna really love
having my personal space back.
You wanna cuddle me at any given point!
You stretched out my shoes
with your enormous feet.
- I'm half a size bigger than you.
- Size and a half. at least.
I am gonna miss you a 12. Kitty.
Getting to watch you experience
all these new things
and figure out
where you want to apply to college…
I mean. like. that… that…
that is exactly what my heart needed.
You know. whatever happens with Min Ho.
I think it's important that you make sure
you take the time to discover who you are.
Mm. Just make senior year count.
I will.
I can't believe I'm a senior.
There's still so many things I wanna do
before my time at KISS is over.
I know. And that is why I got you
a little going-away present.
- I love presents!
- Yes. you do!
- [chuckles]
- [Kitty sighs]
[Lara Jean clears throat]
Regret nothing. remember everything.
- Thank you. sister.
- Mm-hmm.
[cell phone chimes]
Yeah. you did.
- ["Only One" playing]
- ♪ Picture me ♪
♪ Looking so cute like OMG ♪
♪ Dreamin' 'bout ya ♪
♪ Treasure. let's find out… ♪
[Kitty] LJ is right.
I need to make every moment count.
So I'm calling it my Senior Sunset List.
In Portland it's tradition for the seniors
to watch the sunrise on the first day.
then gather again and watch the sunset
the night before graduation.
So your Sunset List is everything
you want to do before the year is over?
Oh. I love it!
What do you have so far.
besides tomorrow's sunrise?
Well. it's a work in progress.
But figure out
where I want to apply to college.
have a traditional Chuseok
with my Korean family.
I was wondering if we would be on it.
And I want to have a conversation
with Soon Ja fully in Korean.
Crap. not Soon Ja. Imo-Halmoni.
- Yes.
- We do not first name our elders here.
Well. you can still call me Jiwon.
except when school is in session.
I cannot believe you are actually
a teacher here now. And my RA.
Does that make me like a nepo-cousin?
Ha ha. Funny.
Kitty. is it pathetic that I'm nervous?
I don't know.
I've never even lived away from Halmoni.
Please. you've got this.
And I've got your back.
[exhales slowly]
- Thanks. Kitty.
- Mm.
It's nice to know
we can lean on each other.
I better go now
and review my lesson plans again.
I'll see you later?
Annyeonghee-gah-seh-yo!
Wait. no. annyeonghee-geh-seh-yo.
You had it the first time.
Keep me updated on your list.
[Kitty] Which brings me to…
- [excited chatter]
- [gentle music playing]
…the most pressing item on my list.
Ending the situationship
by defining the relationship.
and lock it in with yet another
silver-screen worthy kiss.
Hi. Covey.
I was starting to think that
we'd never be in the same time zone again.
I can hardly believe it.
I'm really looking forward
to hearing about your summer.
I'm looking forward
to telling you about it.
- [gentle music fades]
- [engine approaching]
[tense rock music playing]
- What a douche--
- Dude? I know that bike anywhere!
Marius!
[Kitty] Okay.
I don't know who this guy is.
but he totally just killed the vibe.
Bringing the drama from day one?
I do love to make an entrance.
I do.
- [chuckles]
- Hi!
Oh. Marius. this is Kitty.
- [Kitty] Hi.
- Right! Dae's ex. The American.
I remember you lot
would FaceTime for hours.
Then you moved here.
Don't they call you the Seattle Stalker?
- Oh. the Portland Stalker.
- Oh.
Nobody calls me that… anymore.
Well. it's nice to meet the girl who made
such an impression on my friend group.
Anyways. Kitty and I were about to--
I am dying to get the Four Horsemen
back together.
It's senior year. baby.
And I'm single now.
so we are gonna tear Seoul a new one.
But first. I do need to take a shower.
so let me back into the suite. bro. Yeah?
Please? Thanks.
Sure. Yeah.
Come with?
Miss Covey!
[Kitty] What's a girl gotta do
to get one single. tiny.
uninterrupted moment
of romance around here?
Hi. it's good to…
Still not a hugger. I see. Copy.
Thank you so much for having me back.
Professor. I'm so excited for senior year.
I have so many things planned.
I hope they include focusing on academics
because for a senior.
you are woefully behind.
What? How? Classes haven't even started.
As a one-year exchange student.
you had fewer requirements.
But now. you'll also have to fulfill
our graduation requirements.
But I am going to graduate. right?
I suppose you can still catch up.
You'll have to make up a few classes.
starting with a Korean culture elective.
Registration starts tonight at midnight.
My advice?
Be on time.
The easy ones fill up fast.
[sighs]
So you kissed her and then went and spent
the summer with a bunch of hot girls?
[chuckles] Okay. that was work.
We lost the Yisoo deal. so from now on.
wherever Eunice goes. I go.
Meanwhile. Kitty was posting
all summer from New York.
With guys and girls.
It sounds to me like you're single. then.
Well. technically.
Kitty and I haven't exactly. um…
Marius.
'Sup. big Dae!
- [exclaims]
- [grunts affectionately]
Good to see you.
[exclaims]
- Marius.
- Q!
[both chuckle]
You look well.
Yeah. likewise.
I mean. you… you've been working out?
Ah. USC coaches go hard.
but better I get used to it now
before I'm a freshman.
- It's official?
- It's official. I'm in!
I'm gonna be a Trojan! Fight on!
- Congrats!
- Thank you!
- That's great. mate.
- Lads. look at us.
I mean. the band's all back together.
What else have I missed?
Because so far. I know that
Min Ho is in a committed relationship
with his job.
[group laughs]
That's so funny. [chuckles awkwardly]
- That's good.
- Anyone else?
Uh. Jin and I are together
and super happy.
Like. the happiest I've ever been.
Great. Well. I'm excited to meet
my roomie's new boyfriend.
Actually. Dae and I have discussed it.
and we're gonna be rooming together.
so you don't have to worry about that.
You know how cranky I get if I don't get
my beauty sleep. I need the west window.
- Yeah. sure.
- [chuckles slightly. sighs]
So what're we all doing
for tonight. then? For fun?
[Kitty] Oh. I have an idea.
We could all watch the sunrise
before senior year officially starts.
[whimsical music playing]
You know what?
That sounds really lovely. Covey.
Yeah. but if we really want
to kick senior year off right.
I think we should take over
the senior lounge and throw a rager.
Yeah. I mean.
it's the faculty welcome party tonight.
That means that all the teachers--
All the teachers are gonna be
on the other side of campus.
[both grunt enthusiastically]
You know. you do know
how to throw a hell of a party. bruv.
[both laugh]
I mean. that is kind of perfect.
I just said "kind of."
And of course.
um. we'll do the sunrise too.
Yeah. maybe. I mean…
I'm not really a morning person.
but we… we could play it by ear. Mm.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[scoffs] Okay. Kitty. you're gonna
break the glass on your phone.
I'm inviting everyone to Senior Sunrise.
I don't care if Marius thinks it's lame.
He's lame.
Bulldozing over my plans like that?
- Yeah. Marius is all about Marius.
- [scoffs]
Which would be fine
if Min Ho wasn't all about him too.
I thought Min Ho would want
to define the relationship.
but now he's all.
"You throw a hell of a party. bruv!"
Listen. Marius is an acquired taste.
Not that I've tasted him.
'cause I haven't. What?
Spill.
Fine.
Marius and I used
to secretly hook up sophomore year.
- When he had a girlfriend.
- [gasps]
I know. I'm not proud of it.
And… and Jin doesn't know anything.
And the two of us are actually
in a really great place
since he visited me this summer in LA.
- So please. please don't say anything.
- I will not.
[sighs] But you cannot live with this man.
Stand your ground
and tell him to switch rooms.
I will.
Good. And I'm gonna stand my ground
and get my damn sunrise.
- [sighs]
- [cell phone chimes]
[Kitty] How could this happen?
You're not coming back to KISS
for our senior year?
Kitty. I tried. okay? My mom and I
can barely afford this place.
She found. what. like. five million won
from my dad's secret stash.
and tuition is 20 million.
so public school it is.
What if we sold a few things?
My clothes?
No!
Kitty. this is all I have left
of my old life.
That is not true.
You have me and all of your friends.
This is just clothes. Who cares?
Do you know me at all?
Yisoo. Valentino. Chanel?
Hello. if we sold this stuff.
we could make at least 15 million won.
You could pay for the first semester.
We could even get you back in the dorms.
There is an open bed in my suite.
No. no. Okay. even if I wanted
to sell these clothes. which I don't…
I'd have to make tuition
before school starts tomorrow.
and it would take hours
to upload these online.
Oh! Min Ho's annoying friend Marius
is having a party tonight
in the senior lounge.
Oh my God. his parties are legendary.
Whatever. The point is.
we could have a Yuri sample sale.
We'll make an Insta post.
Everyone will come.
Yuri. It's either
your clothes or your friends.
We're gonna do this.
We're gonna do it. It's gonna work.
Uh. we need to talk.
I need you to switch rooms with Dae.
Yeah. I… I picked up on that.
You know. you can just ask me directly.
We are friends.
Or at least. I thought we were.
You're right.
Can you please switch rooms with Dae?
See. was that so hard?
But no. I'd rather live with you.
I think we had a really good thing going.
don't you?
Oh. is Jin the jealous type?
There's nothing to be jealous of.
Then what's the problem?
[Kitty] Okay. Oh my God. Okay.
Okay. [sighs]
- Kitty! Wait up!
- [sighs]
Okay. allow me.
You don't have the upper body strength.
- I've seen you try to open a jar.
- Ah. what a gentleman.
So. from Instagram. it seems like
you were having a pretty good time
living it up in Manhattan this summer.
Yeah. I was.
Seems like you had a good time
partying all over the world.
Yeah. I did. but that was work.
Well. seems like you have
quite the knack for it.
[scoffs]
But now that we're back.
there's other stuff to focus on.
Yeah. tell me about it.
Now I have to juggle
managing Eunice and school.
Right. Well. at least
you're on track to graduate.
I mean. did you know you have to take
a Korean culture elective?
Yes. Covey. What do you think
the "K" in KISS stands for?
It's a basic graduation requirement here.
Take Korean Media.
You watch a bunch of Korean films.
Marius and I took it freshman year.
An idiot could pass.
- Mm. Sounds perfect for him.
- Just wait. Marius will grow on you.
- Yeah. like a fungus.
- [chuckles]
[upbeat pop music playing]
[both exclaim]
No.
[all chanting] Chug! Chug! Chug!
Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug!
- Oh!
- [laughs]
[group cheering]
Fighting. mate!
[both chuckle]
- Oh. I love a pop-up.
- Ooh.
Yeah. it looks like
Yuri's greatest hits are here.
Indeed. We have tonight
to make enough money
so Yuri can pay for school
and live in the suite with us.
When you say living with us. you mean us?
Yes. if that's cool with you?
I mean. assuming we make enough money.
We are about halfway there.
- Can I get a friends-and-family discount?
- [both] No.
[in Korean] Sorry
you had to resort to this.
[Yuri] It's fine.
[in English] It's just stuff.
[gasps] How much for your boots?
Oh! Absolutely not.
These are priceless. Not for sale.
[grunts]
Just stuff. huh?
[in Korean] They're vintage Yisoo.
When Juliana was sent away last year.
they honestly got me through it.
[in English] Min Ho. let's do
our famous flaming shot. bro.
Nah. nah. I'm not drinking tonight.
I've got a sunrise to catch. remember?
But surely one shot
isn't gonna kill you. mate.
Nah. I can't. I… I'm good.
Thanks. though. I'm good.
- [all chanting] Shot. shot. shot. shot!
- No!
Shot. shot. shot. shot. shot!
- Okay.
- Yeah!
[all chanting] Shot. shot. shot.
shot. shot. shot. shot. shot. shot!
Shot. shot. shot!
[group cheers]
[Kitty] Why is everyone obsessed
with this guy?
Did you confront the fungus
about moving out?
[Q] Mm-hmm.
I tried. okay?
But Marius was all charming and… wet.
Never mind.
Look. it's fine. Making a stink about it
is just gonna raise questions.
and I don't need Marius
telling Jin about our history.
But Jin loves you. Q. Just tell him.
Don't let this bully manipulate you.
- Beat Marius at his own game.
- You're right.
[Marius] Whoo!
- It's just…
- I'm the greatest. mate.
…I think he's my weakness.
- Well. he's not mine. [scoffs]
- Kitty.
Whoo!
Still undefeated! Who's next?
I am.
Kathy. you play beer pong?
I do. Care to make this interesting?
If I win. you switch rooms
and leave Q alone once and for all.
- Can we talk?
- Yeah. of course.
I wasn't aware you were so concerned
with Q's living arrangement.
Yeah. And if I win. no Senior Sunrise.
Deal. Rack 'em up.
[energetic dance music playing]
Yeah. I… I don't know. I…
I feel like I just need
to get this out in the open.
Marius and I used to hook up.
and I'm sorry I didn't tell you sooner.
I get it. I mean. Marius is a lot.
but I understand the appeal.
- It's in the past. right?
- Totally.
I'm with you now. and you are all I want.
[energetic dance music swells]
Come on. Come on.
♪ Don't stop. now ♪
♪ Keep going ♪
♪ Don't stop ♪
♪ Now go ♪
♪ Don't stop. now ♪
♪ Keep going ♪
♪ Don't stop ♪
♪ Now go ♪
♪ Don't stop. now ♪
♪ Keep going ♪
♪ Don't stop ♪
- ♪ Now go ♪
- ♪ Let's go ♪
[background sounds distort. fade]
[crowd cheers]
Your turn. Kathy.
It's Kitty.
Oh. I'm still 500.000 short.
[Madison] Oh. I love this song!
- [Yuri] Hey. Madison?
- What?
You still want these boots?
I thought they were priceless.
They're yours for… 600 thou.
I'll give you five.
- Done.
- [giggles]
[laughs] Yay!
[sighs]
♪ Go ♪
♪ Don't stop. now ♪
♪ Keep going. don't stop ♪
- ♪ Now go ♪
- ♪ Let's go ♪
[Kitty exhales slowly]
[Kitty] This is it. Kitty.
Senior year is riding on this.
- Kitty!
- [Kitty] Oh shit.
[crowd exclaims]
Good game. Kathy.
Senior Sunrise is canceled.
Can't wait to sleep in.
What the heck. Kitty?
I saw your post about Yuri's sale.
and I thought I would swing by.
but I didn't expect
underage drinking on campus.
That is a serious offense.
and I need to report this.
No. Jiwon. you can't.
I am begging you. I will owe you my life.
You are asking me to put my job at risk.
Is that what you meant by having my back?
No. You're right. I'm sorry.
[sighs]
I'll give you five minutes
before I march back here with Lee.
but this is the first and last time
I ever bail you out.
You don't get special treatment
because you're family. Understand?
Yes.
Thank you.
Principal Lee is on his way!
We're about to get busted!
What? How did he find out?
[woman] We gotta go!
My cousin's a teacher here.
She saw the post about the sale.
- Oh. so basically you narc'd?
- All right. it was obviously an accident.
We only have five minutes.
[students clamoring]
[somber music playing]
[Min Ho] Kitty! Where are you going?
To bed. It's been a crappy day.
Wait!
Where are you going? Talk to me.
I came back to KISS
wanting to make the most of this year.
I had a list of all the things
I wanna do before we all run out of time.
But school hasn't even started.
and somehow everything's gone wrong.
I'm behind all my classes.
Jiwon now hates me.
Marius is edging me out of my friend group
and ruined my Senior Sunrise.
- And you--
- [splutters] Me? What about me?
For starters. you spent your whole summer
partying with girl groups.
It didn't seem like
you were sitting around pining for me.
And now that we're back.
you're all about partying with Marius.
[scoffs] Marius is an old friend.
He got caught up
in the excitement of being back.
Maybe I did too. It's our senior year.
Exactly! And time is already ticking away.
You want to know the truth?
I spent the summer replaying that kiss
on the beach over and over in my head.
just dreaming of having
another cinematic kiss with you.
I even put it on my stupid Sunset List.
This is our last year together. Min Ho.
So I guess I got caught up in thinking
maybe you and I could be something.
I think that I was wrong.
About everything.
- ♪ Call me ♪
- I…
♪ Call me honey ♪
♪ Give me something ♪
♪ I can keep… ♪
[Kitty] I made a list
of all my hopes for senior year.
But so far. all I've got are regrets.
And the biggest one is that Min Ho and I
are finally in the same time zone.
but somehow oceans apart.
- [gloomy music cuts out]
- Registration!
[tense music playing]
No. No.
No! All the classes are taken?
Except Korean Lit.
- [sighs]
- [Kitty] When it rains. it pours.
[cell phone chiming]
["wherever u r" playing]
Come on.
Min Ho wants to show you something.
What is going on?
[excited chatter]
- Hi!
- [laughs] Did she have any idea?
♪ Lookin' back on a Sunday ♪
♪ Pictures from the past now ♪
♪ Sittin' all in the basement… ♪
[Kitty] He got me my Senior Sunrise.
Guess who's re-enrolling at KISS?
- No way! Oh!
- Yes!
Thank you so much.
It would not have been senior year
without you.
Juliana! Madison!
Looks like we found our fourth roommate.
- [gasps]
- [both exclaim]
So. your ex is living in your suite?
This won't be weird at all.
Don't worry. I'm fine.
[Dae in Korean] Yuri.
A welcome back gift.
I bought them back from Madison.
She probably doubled the price.
but I know how much they mean to you.
[grunts. chuckles]
Thank you so much.
With friends like you and Kitty.
that's all I really need.
- Thanks.
- You're welcome.
[in English] You're looking fresh
for someone who stayed up all night.
[chuckles] Switch rooms with Dae.
I'm not gonna ask again.
Whoa. Okay.
I mean. if you can't stay
within a few feet of me
without your entire relationship
crumbling. then I'll switch.
I already told Jin everything.
- We're solid.
- That's great. Q.
Curious. how did he react
to that special little photo
that you sent me this summer?
You know? The one of--
- Shut up.
- Ah. So not everything. then.
[scoffs] Kitty was right.
You are a bully.
Stay away from me.
[tense music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
I cannot believe you did this.
Wanted to help you check it off your list.
It's the least I can do to show you
how much I care about you.
You do?
Don't be daft.
Okay. look.
[sighs] Forget last night. Forget Marius.
Forget all the stupid stuff
we posted on Instagram.
For what it's worth.
I didn't hook up with anyone this summer.
I didn't either.
And the reality is.
I want to be the guy who gives you
that cinematic kiss on your list.
Wait. no. no. I have morning breath
and bed head. This is not what I pictured.
♪ When you're not here
There's some days I feel blue ♪
♪ There's space in my bed
I still leave for you ♪
♪ Overthink real fast now 'bout it ♪
♪ Oh ♪
I was wondering.
was me being your boyfriend on the list?
It might be.
Well. I guess you can check that off too.
[chuckles]
Yeah. your breath could use a little mint.
Whatever.
[Q] All right. everybody.
I want to propose a toast to Kitty
for her amazing Senior Sunrise idea.
To senior year!
[both] To senior year!
[all] To senior year! [cheering]
[Kitty] Lara Jean told me
to make my senior year count.
Regret nothing. remember everything.
She was right. And I have a feeling
this year is gonna be unforgettable.
Hey. yo. I heard you're back in Seoul.
[chuckles] I'd love to see you.
And I know that Min Ho would too.
But. hey… Our boy's actually
gotten himself into a bit of trouble.
and I was hoping
that you could get him out of it.
["MEOW" by MEOVV playing]
Ah. Thanks. Gigi.
It's gonna rock his world
when he finds out you're in Seoul.
Yeah. All right.
I'll see you soon. yeah? Yeah.
[song continues in Korean]
♪ Now you speak French ♪
♪ Can't keep up with me ♪
♪ Try and match my energy ♪
♪ Dancin' on the table. table ♪
♪ Tell 'em I'm pullin' up on site ♪
- ♪ We'll make 'em ♪
- ♪ Meow ♪
- ♪ With my girls. we gon' shake some ♪
♪ We don't run. we don't chase 'em ♪
♪ Turn it up. hear that bass drum ♪
♪ Wons and yens and dollars ♪
♪ Comma. comma. comma ♪
♪ Shake some ♪
♪ Break some ♪
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-